Mention header precompilation in installation docs. (#587)
zeek/spicy: doc/installation.rst

To build Spicy's documentation, run ``make`` inside the ``docs/`` directory.
Documentation will be located in ``build/doc/html``.

Development setup
-----------------

> In order to speed up just-in-time compilation, users can create a cache of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to speed up precompilation of Spicy parsers, users can create a cache of
```

It's also the HLTO files, which from a user perspective isn't really JIT.
